Task                                    Time
local setup                             15m
setting up angular                      15m
setting up git                          15m
testing initial scaffold                15m
adding bomb component                   1hr
adding bin component                    30m
adding scss                             1hr
create bomb generator                   1hr
remove unused files                     30m
add drop directive                      2hr
research @HostListener(draggable)       2hr
make drag directive work                2.5hr
research drop bug output not updating   30m
fixed sync issues with components       30m
random bombs weird position fixed       30m
score interaction                       15m
bin UX on drop added                    15m
respawn feature added                   3.5h
add last UI details                     2.5h
code clean up                           30m